fix README support matrix (#20517)
mistercrunch/Airflow: README.md

|                      | Main version (dev)   | Stable version (2.2.3)   |
| -------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------ |

> | Python               | 3.7, 3.8, 3.9        | 3.7, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9       |
> | Kubernetes           | 1.20, 1.21           | 1.20, 1.21               |
> | PostgreSQL           | 10, 11, 12, 13       | 10, 11, 12, 13           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Python               | 3.7, 3.8, 3.9        | 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9       |
| Kubernetes           | 1.20, 1.21           | 1.18, 1.19, 1.20         |
| PostgreSQL           | 10, 11, 12, 13       | 9.6, 10, 11, 12, 13      |
```

I think these should stay for 2.2.3, they won't get changed until 2.3.0 I believe. (Am I right @potiuk?)

Reviewer 2: > I think these should stay for 2.2.3, they won't get changed until 2.3.0 I believe. (Am I right @potiuk?)

Technically speaking - Kubernets and Postgres are already changed for 2.2.3 according to our agreed rules. We released 2.2.3 after we dropped support for those. There is a slight doubt if we can drop support in patchlevel version - but to be honest I see no problem with that - see my comment https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/20517#pullrequestreview-840445274

Reviewer 2: Same - Python 3.6 should be dropped in 2.2.4 IMHO if we release it.

Reviewer 2: Explanation: We have not stated in our rules that it's the next "minor" release - it's the "next" release, so it could also be patchlevel.

Reviewer 2: AH NO ! I WAS WRONG! We actually specified MINOR OR MAJOR.  So you are right @jedcunningham - those shoudl not be changed just yet.

Reviewer 2: (Comoment to sefl @potiuk  - read before you speak from the top of your head)

Reviewer 2: > We drop support for Python and Kubernetes versions when they reach EOL. We drop support for those 
> EOL versions in main right after EOL date, and it is effectively removed when we release the first new 
> MINOR (Or MAJOR if there is no new MINOR version) of Airflow For example, for 
> Python 3.6 it means that we drop support in main right after
>  23.12.2021, and the first MAJOR or MINOR version of Airflow released after will not have it.

1. We drop support for Python and Kubernetes versions when they reach EOL. We drop support for those
   EOL versions in main right after EOL date, and it is effectively removed when we release the
   first new MINOR (Or MAJOR if there is no new MINOR version) of Airflow

>    For example, for Python 3.7 it means that we drop support in main right after 23.12.2021, and the first

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For example, for Python 3.7 it means that we drop support in main right after 27.06.2023, and the first
```
